docs: update middleware documentation (#1639)
cosmos/ibc-go: docs/ibc/middleware/develop.md

order: 1
-->

> # IBC middleware

Reviewer: Personally I prefer the capitalization on these words so it is `IBC Middleware` and also in the subsequent headings but up to you

Author: I try to follow [Google's developer documentation style guide](https://developers.google.com/style/headings) recommendation about headings: `Use sentence case for headings and titles.`

I also personally prefer this style, but I don't want also to enforce it if everybody else doesn't agree. I just think it would be good to have a common style, so that we are consistent all across our docs.

Reviewer: Fair enough. I agree consistency matters over any particular decision. Im ok to follow the style guide you linked

Reviewer 2: @crodriguezvega maybe we can add the style guide you linked somewhere for future reference? Maybe in the `DOCS_REAMDE.md`

In the case where the IBC middleware expects to speak to a compatible IBC middleware on the counterparty chain, they must use the channel handshake to negotiate the middleware version without interfering in the version negotiation of the underlying application.

Middleware accomplishes this by formatting the version in a JSON-encoded string containing the middleware version and the application version. The application version may as well be a JSON-encoded string, possibly including further middleware and app versions, if the application stack consists of multiple milddlewares wrapping a base application. The format of the version is specified in ICS-30 as the following:

```json
{"<middleware_version_key>":"<middleware_version_value>","app_version":"<application_version_value>"}`
```

The `<middleware_version_key>` key in the JSON struct should be replaced by the actual name of the key for the corresponding middleware (e.g. `fee_version`).

> During the handshake callbacks, the middleware can unmarshall the version string and retrieved the middleware and application versions. It can do its negotiation logic on `<middleware_version_value>`, and pass the `<application_version_value>` to the underlying application.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
During the handshake callbacks, the middleware can unmarshal the version string and retrieve the middleware and application versions. It can do its negotiation logic on `<middleware_version_value>`, and pass the `<application_version_value>` to the underlying application.
```

    return ack
}

func OnAcknowledgementPacket(
    ctx sdk.Context,
    packet channeltypes.Packet,
    acknowledgement []byte,
    relayer sdk.AccAddress,
) error {
    doCustomLogic(packet, ack)

    return app.OnAcknowledgementPacket(ctx, packet, ack, relayer)
}

func OnTimeoutPacket(
    ctx sdk.Context,
    packet channeltypes.Packet,
    relayer sdk.AccAddress,
) error {
    doCustomLogic(packet)

    return app.OnTimeoutPacket(ctx, packet, relayer)
}
```

### ICS-4 wrappers

Middleware must also wrap ICS-4 so that any communication from the application to the `channelKeeper` goes through the middleware first. Similar to the packet callbacks, the middleware may modify outgoing acknowledgements and packets in any way it wishes.

```go
// only called for async acks
func WriteAcknowledgement(
    ctx sdk.Context,
    chanCap *capabilitytypes.Capability,
    packet exported.PacketI,
    ack exported.Acknowledgement,
) {
    // middleware may modify acknowledgement
    ack_bytes = doCustomLogic(ack)

    return ics4Keeper.WriteAcknowledgement(packet, ack_bytes)
}

func SendPacket(
    ctx sdk.Context,
    chanCap *capabilitytypes.Capability,

>     app_packet exported.PacketI,
> ) {
>     // middleware may modify packet
>     packet = doCustomLogic(app_packet)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    appPacket exported.PacketI,
) {
    // middleware may modify packet
    packet = doCustomLogic(appPacket)
```
